ARROW-10887: [Doc][C++] Document C++ IPC API (#8914)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/ipc.rst

.. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
.. or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
.. distributed with this work for additional information
.. regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
.. to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
.. "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
.. with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
.. software distributed under the License is distributed on an
.. "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
.. KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
.. specific language governing permissions and limitations
.. under the License.

.. default-domain:: cpp
.. highlight:: cpp
.. cpp:namespace:: arrow::ipc

========================================
Reading and writing the Arrow IPC format
========================================

.. seealso::
   :ref:`Arrow IPC format specification <format-ipc>`.

   :doc:`API reference for IPC readers and writers <api/ipc>`.

> Arrow C++ provides abstracted readers and writers for the Arrow IPC format.
> Actual input/output is handled through the :doc:`IO interfaces <io>`.
> For reading, there is also an event-driven API that allows to feed arbitrary
> data into the IPC decoding layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arrow C++ provides readers and writers for the Arrow IPC format which wrap
lower level input/output, handled through the :doc:`IO interfaces <io>`.
For reading, there is also an event-driven API that enables feeding
arbitrary data into the IPC decoding layer asynchronously.
```
